Feature/update release notes (#260)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/release-notes/R17/R17.mdx

### Stickersheet Components

-   Added PX Blue components (EmptyState, ChannelValue, Heroes, ListItemTag, InfoListItem, NavRail)
-   Added more Material UI components (Bottom Sheets, Chips, Snackbars, Cards, Sliders)

### Design Patterns

> -   Added more images and gifs to showcase each design pattern.
> -   Reorganized each design pattern page to have a behaviors, anatomy, specifications, and developer section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Re-organized and added new content to explain the patterns
-   Added more images and design specifications.
```

> -   Completed migration of [Angular](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-design-patterns), [Ionic](https://github.com/pxblue/ionic-design-patterns), and [React Native](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-design-patterns) design patterns into a mono-repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Completed migration of [Angular](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-design-patterns), [Ionic](https://github.com/pxblue/ionic-design-patterns), and [React Native](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-design-patterns) design patterns into a single example repository.
```

### Component Libraries

-   Added [Spacer](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--spacer) and [List Item Tag](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--list-item-tag) components to React Native
-   Added [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--get-read-me-story) component to React

> -   Added [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme) component and Nav-Rail component to Angular

Reviewer: Follow the same (component libraries) format we used for R16

Author: I updated the format to match what was done for R16, also added a note about progress icon labels and the new UPS icon.

Author: Forgot that we have a storybook addon for RTL support as well.

### Reusable Workflows

> -   Reusable [authentication workflow](https://github.com/pxblue/react-workflows) for React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Reusable [Authentication Workflow](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/react-auth-workflow) for React.
```

### Stickersheet Components

-   Added PX Blue components (EmptyState, ChannelValue, Heroes, ListItemTag, InfoListItem, NavRail)
-   Added more Material UI components (Bottom Sheets, Chips, Snackbars, Cards, Sliders)

### Design Patterns

-   Re-organized and added new content to explain the patterns
-   Added more images and design specifications.
-   Completed migration of [Angular](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-design-patterns), [Ionic](https://github.com/pxblue/ionic-design-patterns), and [React Native](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-design-patterns) design patterns into a single example repository.

> -   Added documentation around accessibility standards and how to design websites and illustrations.

Reviewer: I would either pop this out into a separate section around Documentation Site, or stick it under miscellaneous (these aren't technically design patterns)

Author: I think this makes sense; are there public links to these resources we can place here?

Reviewer: Jeff is building the first two right now, but you can add the links to them `/design/accessibility` and `/design/websites` and the other one is `style/illustrations`

Author: Got it, thank you 👍

### Component Libraries

-   Added new components to our [Angular](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular), [React](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react), and [React Native](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native) component libraries:
    -   For Angular, we now have components for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme) and added a [nav-rail variant](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/story/components-drawer--with-a-nav-rail) to our Drawer component.
    -   For React, we now have components for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme).
    -   For React Native, we now components for [Spacer](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--spacer) and [List Item Tag](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--list-item-tag).
-   Enhanced our component libraries to support right-to-left languages and developed/integrated a [RTL toggle](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon) into our storybook demos.

> -   Added a new progress icon for UPS indicators and added optional labels to all progress icons.

Reviewer: Another one I would pop under miscellaneous (we also added / will be adding a couple new lighting-related icons)

Author: I added a new misc section and moved the progress icons to be the first item here.

### Stickersheet Components

> -   Added PX Blue components (EmptyState, ChannelValue, Heroes, ListItemTag, InfoListItem, NavRail)

Reviewer 2: Kyle is working on all the other pxb drawers at the moment. Should we include that?

Reviewer 2: Kyle Harris is working on user menu

Reviewer 2: And scorecard should be here too

Author: I'll include the Drawers because we'll probably get it done before R17 and include all others.

Reviewer: Yep, we should have these ready for R17

> -   Added more Material UI components (Bottom Sheets, Chips, Snackbars, Cards, Sliders)

Reviewer 2: Kyle Harris is working on tooltips

Author: Added tooltips

### Design Patterns

-   Re-organized and added new content to explain our [design patterns](/patterns).
-   Added more images and design specifications.
-   Completed migration of [Angular](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-design-patterns), [Ionic](https://github.com/pxblue/ionic-design-patterns), and [React Native](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-design-patterns) design patterns into a single example repository.

### Documentation Site

> -   Added documentation around [accessibility standards](https://pxblue.github.io/design/accessibility) and how to design [websites](https://pxblue.github.io/design/websites) and [illustrations](https://pxblue.github.io/style/illustrations).

Reviewer 2: There are two and's in this sentence

> -   Added documentation around [accessibility standards](https://pxblue.github.io/design/accessibility) and how to design [websites](https://pxblue.github.io/design/websites) and [illustrations](https://pxblue.github.io/style/illustrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added documentation around [accessibility standards](/design/accessibility), how to design [websites](/design/websites), and [illustrations](/style/illustrations).
```

### Component Libraries

-   Added new components to our [Angular](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular), [React](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react), and [React Native](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native) component libraries:
    -   For Angular, we now have components for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme) and added a [nav-rail variant](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/story/components-drawer--with-a-nav-rail) to our Drawer component.
    -   For React, we now have components for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme).
    -   For React Native, we now components for [Spacer](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--spacer) and [List Item Tag](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--list-item-tag).

> -   Enhanced our component libraries to support right-to-left languages and developed/integrated a [RTL toggle](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon) into our storybook demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Enhanced our component libraries to support right-to-left languages and developed / integrated a [RTL toggle](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon) into our storybook demos.
```

### Reusable Workflows

-   Reusable [Authentication Workflow](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/react-auth-workflow) for React.

### Miscellaneous

> -   Added new progress icons and an optional percentage label.

Reviewer 2: Link to npm or github

### Design Patterns

> -   Re-organized and added new content to explain the patterns

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Re-organized and added new content to explain our [design patterns](/patterns).
```
